[MIG] shopinvader_api_cart (sale_cart_rest_api to FastAPI) (#1369)
shopinvader/odoo-shopinvader: shopinvader_api_cart/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This addon add Cart FastAPI services on top of sale.order model to ease the creation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon add a web API on top of the sale.order model to ease the creation of
```

Reviewer 2: ... addon add**s**...

Author: Done
